Product Description:
SUPERCHARGED BY M3 — With an 8-core CPU and 10-core GPU, the Apple M3 chip can help you blaze through everyday multitasking and take on pro projects like editing thousands of photos or 4K video.
BUILT FOR APPLE INTELLIGENCE — Apple Intelligence helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. It draws on your personal context while setting a brand-new standard for privacy in AI. Coming in beta this fall.
UP TO 22 HOURS OF BATTERY LIFE — Go all day thanks to the power-efficient design of Apple silicon. The MacBook Pro laptop delivers the same exceptional performance whether it’s running on battery or plugged in. (Battery life varies by use and configuration. See apple.com/batteries for more information.)
BRILLIANT PRO DISPLAY — The 14.2-inch Liquid Retina XDR display features Extreme Dynamic Range, 1000 nits of sustained brightness for stunning HDR content, up to 600 nits of brightness for SDR content, and pro reference modes for doing your best work on the go. (The display has rounded corners at the top. (Measured diagonally, the screen is 14.2 inches. Actual viewable area is less.)
FULLY COMPATIBLE — All your pro apps run lightning fast — including Adobe Creative Cloud, Apple Xcode, Microsoft 365, Medivis SurgicalAR, and many of your favorite iPhone and iPad apps. And with macOS, work and play on your Mac are even more powerful. Elevate your presence on video calls. Access information in all-new ways. And discover even more ways to personalize your Mac.
ADVANCED CAMERA AND AUDIO — Look sharp and sound great with a 1080p FaceTime HD camera, a studio-quality three-mic array, and a six-speaker sound system with Spatial Audio.
CONNECT IT ALL — This MacBook Pro features a MagSafe charging port, two Thunderbolt / USB 4 ports, an SDXC card slot, an HDMI port, and a headphone jack. Enjoy fast wireless connectivity with Wi-Fi 6E (in countries and regions where 6E is supported) and Bluetooth 5.3. Supports one external display.

Comments:
it is a very good laptop the new color space black looks good, the computer is very fast and would recommend to anyone looking to buy a new computer. No regrets whatever has a lot of functions like touch id, this Macbook Pro has enough memory and storage to last you for years. You would be buying a computer to last you a long time with this one. would recommend.
I purchased the 14" model with the 18 Gb of integrated memory/M3 Pro.

The quality of the build is outstanding. Performance: outstanding. Screen: Excellent. Battery Life: the most amazing I've ever had. I have it connected to Ethernet which takes lots of power normally. Not with this little guy. I can go for hours with it and it drops by maybe 3%. It is efficient and DOES NOT get warm. No fans either. How'd they do that? I like the 14". Does what I need it to do.

I chose the MacBook Pro instead of The Air because the screen is noticeably better and brighter. Not that the Air is bad. It isn't. This one is just better. If you're an older person, that will matter.

Amazon delivered it ahead of time and well packaged and protected. I like that Amazon took the time to put it in a generic box. Smart and appreciated. So, A+ for the product and A+ for Amazon.

Very pleased with the Amazon price point too. Those prices float around, I know, so pay attention. This is yet another great Apple product. Loved the Intel laptop, also purchased through Amazon, but Silicon is better.
I havent purchased a laptop in over 10 years. Been using work provided computer and had an Ipad for a short while. Was always a PC guy.
Iv only been using this thing for 2 days now but WOW. The build quaility it top notch. Battery life is insane. Learning a new OS is not as hard as you may think. Screen and speakers are also extremly impressive. The computer actually makes my monitor I plug in look like crap and I just prefer to work off the laptop now rather than connect an additonal display. Idk how macOS does it but mutitasking its so easy for some reason and there it little clunk, only due to my lack of knowlage thus far. Great job apple...
Wow, this new MacBook Pro is seriously impressive! I've been using it for a few weeks now and I'm blown away.
The screen is crazy good - super bright and the colors pop. It's perfect for binge-watching shows or getting work done. The 14-inch size is just right, not too big or small.
Performance-wise, this thing flies. The M3 Pro chip handles everything I throw at it without breaking a sweat. I can have a ton of apps open and it doesn't slow down at all.
Battery life is awesome too. I can use it all day without worrying about finding an outlet. And the MagSafe charger is back - love that!
The keyboard feels great to type on and the trackpad is huge and super responsive. Oh, and it's got all the ports you need - no more dongle life!
Only downside? It's pretty pricey. But if you can swing it, it's totally worth it. This laptop is gonna last me for years.
Overall, I'm super happy with my purchase. If you need a powerful, reliable laptop that just works, you can't go wrong with this MacBook Pro.
Not the most powerful MacBook Pro but still a very good price-power compromise. Capable of doing most of my work in 4k or 8k video with Avid or DaVinci Resolve, really happy with this purchase. Quite light and compact for a small backpack. Very fast transfers in Thunderbolt 4 or USB-C 40 Gb/s.
Love the performance, small size and weight from this MacBook. Apple doesn’t disappoint. Love the back color and excellent battery life. Arrived in excellent brand new condition. The versatility and options are endless with this Mac.
Fast delivery and good performance
SOUND UP! I was writing a glowing review last night at how amazing is my new MacBook Pro M3 Pro (18gb/512gb/11 cores) and thought I'd better add a comment on the sound quality. Well, I checked the sound on Apple Music, and my speakers are blown on arrival :(

Just received the laptop yesterday, and it arrived in an ice cold state via UPS (I am in a moderate climate but we had a cold front this week with freeze warnings). I am guessing delivery loaded it the night before and left it out in the freezing 29 degree temps overnight. But I let it warm to room temp and put it on the charger for awhile before firing it up. The battery history showed it had dipped from the 100% charged at the factory down to 57% for the less than one day that it travelled in shipping. I was not overly alarmed by this until I checked the sound. At modest sound levels the entire midrange is blown out, which range I was able to narrow down with the Music app's equalizer. Probably it was the cold exposure but it could have been otherwise mishandled.

To verify that it was not operator error despite my ownership of a crazy number of Macs going back to 1989, I googled this speaker crackling and distortion issue on MacBook Pros. Well, apparently this is a frequent issue and I learned three things:

1. Well, number 1 I already knew, you really have to break in any speaker at midlevel volume for a day or two before blasting to warm up the speaker and avoid damage, it still should not be a distorted crackling mess though at medium volume, but I did let it play music for several hours to warm up the speakers hoping for improvement.

2. MacBook speakers are very fragile, so even if you have great sound, you could lose it in the future if you are not very careful in handling the laptop to avoid bumping the laptop around, even in a case. The speakers tear easily and there are YouTube videos on how to glue them back together if your Mac is no longer under warranty.

And 3. The MacBook Pro M3 Pro with 11 cores has actually LESS PERFORMANCE CORES than the M2 and M1 versions that only have 10 total cores. Because Apple increased the EFFICIENCY CORES not the performance cores in these lower end M3 Pro models. So an M1 Pro with 10 cores has 8 performance cores and two efficiency, the M2 Pro with 10 cores has 6 performance cores with 4 efficiency, and the M3 Pro 11 core has ONLY 5 performance cores and 6 efficiency cores. Also the M3's music volume is measurably lower than in the M2 according to YouTubers. Generally this is fine, but it is NOT FINE FOR MUSIC MAKING when combining tracks, even when using Apple's DAW for mixing tracks because most utilize performance cores not efficiency cores. I am not making complex music though, just listening to Adell on Apple Music, and it sounds terrible. So I will attempt to swap out this Mac but if it is similarly tossed around at delivery or in the Amazon Warehouse, or left out in the cold overnight, this could happen again. BUMMER and a waste!

Aside from the painful sounds, there were two operating issues also: I can't "SHARE" to email or messages in Safari, those options are blanked out in System Settings, which is a glitch I hope. And Apple's "Stocks" app crashed running in the background, even though no third party apps were also running, or even loaded up yet. Still this is an amazing laptop that is a vast improvement in power and speed over both of my M1's - iMac (16gb) and iPad Air 5th gen. But I recommend skipping any "Pro" version that is less than 18gb RAM or 512gb SSD. Why bother? Just get a MacBook Air M2! The Space Black color of the M3 Pro is a welcome change from the silver versions I've been staring at for 2 decades, but I wish Midnight (dark blue) was an option on these.

I also recommend the Apple HomePod Minis, which are not bluetooth so you can't easily use them with just anything, but they connect via Airplay to Macs and also to Amazon Music's App, which is not available on the laptop OS but is an iOS app. I haven't tested whether you can run airplay through Amazon Music on a web browser. Just one of these tiny speakers sounds far and away better than the laptop speakers combined, and also better than Alexa device offerings for home speakers. Another thing I recommend is to use the Apple Music app's equalizer settings and adjust them for each song. Most songs sound great in "Lounge" or "R&B" as a starting point, and the music will be both louder and cleaner on your MacBook. The app's separate settings menu also allows you to add sound enhancement generally that greatly improves quality and volume.
I use this laptop for software development and animation. The reason developers love Macs are their security, lightening fast speed and large community of mac users. Ive always loved every mac I get. The M3 is great, the ammount of ram is perfect. I never have lag or any kind of wait with this laptop. Downloads are immediate, npm packages take a second to install, and audio quality is amazing..
You gotta get you one of these!
I bought this Macbook Pro M3 Pro 512 GB 14 In when it was discounted from the Labor Day sale and that the packaging was dirty and a bit beat. But it's worth it since in total I spent $1600 for a laptop that otherwise would have cost $2099 brand new. This Macbook is brand new and I am very pleased with this laptop it handles all my daily work. If you don't care about how the packaging is but still care about having it brand new I would recommend purchasing off the seller amazon resale or any seller where this laptop is discounted for the box being damaged.
TENGO UN IMAC , UN IPAD , UN IPHONE Y NECESITABA ESTE MACBOOK PRO M3 PRO DE 14” PARA TRANSFERENCIA DE DATOS ENTRE MÁQUINA LÁSER Y OTROS APARATOS, YA HABÍA TENIDO UNO DE 16” OTRO DE 13” Y PARA MI EL IDEAL ES ESTE DE 14.2” . SOBRE EL VENDEDOR; EXCELENTE.
Replaced my old Intel MacBook Pro with the m3 pro, the new MacBook is waaaay better ! Amazing performance !
I would recommend to anyone looking to upgrade. This laptop is the worth the price just make sure to buy the appropriate usb adapter because it is all USB type C. No way around it. I wish they didn’t make that change, That’s my only downside to these upgrades. Overall very powerful laptop. I’m a music producer & my DAW runs smoothly.
This is a beautifully crafted piece of machinery! Ive had Macs since I was 18 and now I’m 40 and it’s always exciting to open a new Mac Box with a new updated Mac.

I had to return this Mac unfortunately I didn’t realize it was 14” that was too small for me, this was my fault as I didn’t pay attention tot he screen size.

Returning was a a breeze, they will schedule a pick up and UPS will bring a label the next business day.

This Mac is a replacement for my 2021 MaxBook Pro my new 16” one just arrived and I am so excited to play with it and www how fast it really is compared to my older one. I love the sleek design absolutely gorgeous!
Smooth. No issues. Very fast with the M3 Pro chip
Sleek, compact, well built, and fast. Just what the doctor ordered for my stills and video editing.
Me encanta mi nueva MacBook m3 pro
I can't deny I love apple laptops. They perform well and are excellent in their useability. But, the prices are higher than they should be, especially when it comes to a device that cannot be upgraded by the user.
My 2nd Mac I use for dee jaying and it operates flawlessly!
Very nice laptop, everything was good
Love this machine for its features and the seamless migration. Annoying to see that Amazon dropped the price by another $200 just one month after I bought it.
Sturdy and dependable. I would buy no other laptop. Due to my own hasty ideoticy, my last one took a tumble off the top of my car at 58 MPH. Was still fully functional other than a cracked screen. I consider that "Military Grade!" I'm a true believer.
Bought it on a Sunday and it was delivered the next day!! The MacBook Pro is heavier then the MacBook Air that I have. I went with the one with 18GB of ram and 512GB of storage. This thing is a beast! Love it so far!!
Entrega rápida y con los cuidados necesarios
Muy rápido el chip M3 pro, realmente una bestia de máquina, puede con todo.
the price was great, bought it with 25 % discount and seems good
Works great
I'm a PC guy, but I'm unlikely to buy another PC laptop. Once you experienced how fast the MBP wakes up from sleep, you'll never look back. The way MacOS wakes up is extremely impressive.
I've been an Apple user since the beginning. At one time you could count on the hardware build quality and the overall design being premium. At one time you felt as if you were navigating a Mercedes.
Those days are no more. Gone are the backlit Apple logo, and premium screen. My MacBook Pro is pedestrian...basic at best. Concern for the "bottom dollar" is evident.

I gave 5 stars...four and a half wasn't an option. The performance is stellar, but for how long?

I had reason to contact Tec-support and was thrilled to get through to an actual human, kudos to Apple!
I am new to Apple , but so far so good! Thanks Apple!! It is fast, works really good, lightweight, battery is great, light up keys are awesome . I do wish it was touchscreen.
El producto llegó en perfectas condiciones, su caja sellada y los accesorios que indicaba la caja, el rendimiento y la calidad son de lo mejor.
It freezes very frequently while doing easy tasks like browsing on Chrome/Safari or using the finder. User experience is somewhat nice but the software development experience has been much better for me on Linux (quickly switching tabs or frequently using keyboard shortcuts causes some lags that are quite annoying).

I'm using Macbook Pro M3 Pro, which is meant to handle two different external monitors in non-mirror mode. However, finding the right hardware to do so is a bit costly (unless I use those hubs that takes two of the USB-C ports). That's a necessary cost we need to take into account, reason why I consider having a macbook being even more expensive than the price you are paying for the computer.

Sound and image quality is great, but I would still consider this computer way overrated.
Came well packed. Same price as Apple Store after the student discount. Faster and convenient shipping
I've had this for a few weeks so far and it makes a huge difference from my previous laptop. I have a 2017 HP laptop and this one blows it out the water. It's really fast, the gaming graphics and speed are fantastic, and the battery life is good. I still haven't learned all the hotkeys and other cool features on it but, I'll have plenty of time for that. I would recommend anyone looking to step their game up to upgrade to this.
Shipped quick and came in excellent condition. Very pleased
there was a issue about buying Macbook for no reason. I just wanted regular pay and buy product, but I can't
until I wrote to support. :))
Unboxing & Design: Standard unboxing, nothing extraordinary. The laptop feels solid, thanks to the unibody aluminum build. Love that ports are back!, but I'm really not a fan of the webcam notch – a larger top bezel or a different design would be better. The space black finish is nice, it appears more like a gunmetal grey in bright light, but in low light or oblique angles it is very black.

Performance: Scores well on geekbench, and cinebench. I haven't had any issues with performance, and vs my old base M1 macbook pro 8gb, its much much harder to summon the beach ball! Apple's gaming claims are a bit overhyped, or premature tho... there's hardly any, and running games through Crossover is okay. Compatibility and performance are ymmv for sure. Get a gaming laptop if you want to game.

Display: The Full array micro led backlight really helps HDR pop on this, and colors are fantastic. But in dark images with small bright highlights you can see some backlight blooming. 120hz refresh is always welcome, but know that macbook displays usually have pretty bad pixel response times so fast moving content tends to blur. Apple should move to OLED displays, this would fix their pixel response and backlight blooming.

Memory & Storage: 18GB RAM does the job well, even for AI model stuff (stable diffusion, up to 13b llama models). The 1TB SSD is adequate, though I would've liked more without the Apple tax... Performance-wise, it's comparable to high-end PCIE4 M.2 NVMe drives.

Battery & Charging: Battery life is good, lasts all day for light tasks, but anything that uses rosetta translation or gpu drains it much faster. Magsafe is great to have back, but the magnet feels too strong - worried it might damage the port or finish over time.

Value: At $2400, it feels a bit overpriced. It's a solid buy for those upgrading from older Macs or Apple enthusiasts. If you're thinking of gaming on this, look elsewhere despite apple's recent boasting. Also, I miss Bootcamp - would been great to have the ARM version of Windows on this.
Yes, they are expensive, but we always take care of them well and then are able to recoup some of the money by selling it when we want to upgrade again.
To those who are looking to purchase a laptop please be aware that your mac may come unresponsive. That is what just happened to me. I received my macbook pro and it would not turn on. After taking it to Apple for repair, I was told by the specialist who helped me that these laptops are packaged ahead of time and a laptop sitting like that may become unresponsive. Once the laptop was fixed it has worked perfectly but it took a week to get to that point.
-
This laptop has unparalleled battery life, the screen is second only to Oled the notch is annoying and unnecessary but you get over it, they should really update the software so that the icons can't overflow under the notch. The keyboard is nice but it has very little travel, the trackpad is nice as well. Macos has its flaws but almost all of them can be fixed with third party tools, ie window snapping, keyboard history, gestures, ect... Keyboard shortcuts are a must for properly navigating the os. The one major thing lacking from this mac is the ability to play most games, but there is an active effort to solve that problem, and if you're really into gaming this laptop isn't for you. Also, this is touted as being great for video editing and photo editing, it is great for photo editng, plenty powerful and color accurate, however, video editing comes with a catch, it does everything well as long as is doesn't require 3d from a gpu such as noise reduction, in that case a proper dedicated gpu puts it to shame, a clip that takes 20 mins on a desktop 4090 will take 3-5 hours on this mac. Overall, as long as you have a desktop pc to fill the gaps of heavy duty video editing and gaming, this laptop is the perfect laptop for you honestly, even as someone who hated macos before I bought this. If this is going to be your only computer, just know that you will be severely lacking in said areas.
Every day use.
Refurbished and like new. Very pleased with the condition and performance of this laptop.
Love the laptop, but I can’t get the time/date function to stay accurate. Whenever I close my laptop and don’t use it for a few days. I will come back and the date/time will be wrong.
So beautiful I’ll buy one for my wife and daughter.
This laptop has exceeded my expectations! A true luxury item well worth the money!
After years of buying a few <$500 disposable computers, I needed one to hold my data for the long haul....enter the Macbook Pro. Let's see how long it holds up!
La mejor
This product is well built, amazing battery capacity and really easy to configure. Overall a very good product.
Laptop Box no Apple seal. Packaging tape only.
Laptop in a plastic bag.

Charger scuffed all over. The charging cable was "untied" as well. Not your usual sealed Apple brand new packs.
Love it, not too much say, love it!! Said it again
I bought an invitation from what the machine could deliver.
I can truly say the m3 max chip is beyond the speed and specs you’ll get compared to a gaming pc, I’m on my second week using a Mac system overall, I’m really impressed on how responsive apple has made their processors over time, which made my work flow 2X times as fast as my previous laptop, this one I recommend ! 👍🏾 also s/o to adoroma for the deal
I use this macBook mostly for photo editing and storage. I like the built in SD card reader. It also has 3 Thunderbolt ports, and a MagSafe charging cable.

The 14" Liquid Retina display is awesome and makes it easy to edit with realistic color and detail. The M3 Pro chip is excellent and processes very quickly.

If it is time to upgrade your laptop, I would recommend giving this one a try. I am very pleased with mine.

Mick
Olympia WA
My husband ordered this off of my Amazon account on Mother’s Day. He seems to love it and according to him, he really needed it for work. He says it was great value for our money, because of the price but also because he thinks he can make us rich one day. It looks like a nice laptop. I hope he enjoys it. He has had no complaints about it.
Only thing is that it’s not recognizing my flash drive
As a wedding videographer who films in 4K, I need a laptop that can handle heavy editing, and this Mac does the job perfectly. There are no lags at all. Coming from a PC, I was hesitant at first, but the Mac really delivers in terms of speed and power. Plus, the display is fantastic for color grading, making my editing process much smoother and more efficient.
I liked the lap top but apple should think about putting num pad at least for pro series. Accounts and data analytics can be more attractives towards numpad options
I'm coming from a m1 macbook air which had 8gb ram and i switched to this one to be my main coding/work laptop. Apps like Unity, Xcode compile things so fast it's amazing, major time savor and i can have so many applications and chrome tabs open without this laptop break a sweat. One thing that also really suprised me is the quality of the speakers, so much better than the m1 macbook and also the keyboard is very comfortable/snappy to use. I'm very happy with this purchase.
I decided to replace my 2013 MacBook Pro with a new one. After comparing the M3 and M3pro with my needs I went with the pro. This laptop is cutting edge with its processing. You can run all the monder applications you want without this laptop overheating or draining too much battery. The computer is quiet when working and the stock speakers even sound great. Overall, you will love this laptop.
upgraded my 2015 macbook air. absolutely in love with this new macbook!! great product. liking a lot of the new features like fingerprint scanner, retina display, and usbc ports. definitely would recommend
Perfect. As advertised. I love it.
Excelente
This laptop is unmatched. Fast, sleek, and Apple. The look is amazing and it seems to load faster than anything I’ve ever used
Este es mi primera MacBook Pro y definitivamente se siente la diferencia con otras laptop que he tenido, la pantalla definitivamente no tiene nada de flickering como leí en un comentario antes de hacer la compra, es una muy buena inversión si lo que buscas es un buen equipo para trabajar como desarollador.

Edit: Lo único que he visto hasta ahora, es que el teclado tiene unas teclas más altas que otras, eso se nota al poner la MacBook en frente de ti por la noche, adjunto imagen del teclado.
I understand Macs aren’t for everyone, personally, I love them for their design, software and reliability. The 14” is the perfect size for me for portable power and the new darker color is beautiful. Perfect fit for me.
I upgraded from MacBook m1 Air and compare to it, this one is really better but not that much that price difference is, for average users there is even no difference, maybe m1 air is better for average users.
The only thing I like with this m3 pro is that it is great for mobile application programming due to its speed. What about speed in different jobs? I didn't notice any difference. I only noticed it in mobile development.

Build is great, but so in m1 air
Weight? Heavy
Screen quality? A bit bigger screen that I like, but didn't notice any quality improvements. They just advertise it better :)
Battery life? I think it is the same as in m1 Air, maybe a bit better
Price per value? Five from ten :)
Overall? Average laptop for this price
It's a loaded laptop for everyday need and perfect for work. Awesome.. love it. Nice packing by Amazon.
its so fast it seems to work with mere thought. This is the best computer I have ever owned.
Easy to set up Nice appearance
Let’s be honest, you’re not buying this on a whim. You already know what you’re in for if you’ve reached the point where you’re buying a Pro instead of an Air. Great build quality, battery performance, screen, etc.
The price was the ONLY reason I came to Amazon instead of Apple. Our daughter needed it for college. Everything works just fine. She hasn’t complained about anything.
using this for djaying and i must say it exceeds expectations. The battrey lasts the whole day with no heavy apps usage. Not concerned about carrying my charging pack anymore
Trabajo en programas de edición de videos y gráficos y hasta el momento no me ha dado problemas. Es muy rápida.
I continue to love my Apple Products. Dependable and well worth the money! Thank you! Mark
Macs are always good and this one is amazing. It works for the school, work, and play.
Bought it for hussy and he us a DJ so he is loving this laptop
Time will tell, but it seems to work well out of the box.
It’s my second MacBook Pro. I upgraded from MacBook Pro 2018. it’s a big jump. The new color space black is beautiful. This new M3 Max can easily handle two 4k monitors at same time smoothly. Super fast and I liked the MagSafe 3 cable also comes with dark color. Battery life is great, got around 40% left after one day of light use. Personally so satisfied.
MAC WHICH IS MY BEST LOVE
The speakers awesome, the keyboard is smooth... I love
Laptop totally meet my expectations, first macbook I buy and there's no regrets
Terrific computer
Works great with Lightroom Classic and large photo files. Transfer speeds are super fast. Battery life is excellent.
I got the Macbook for school and work and it is working beautifully and over my expectations totally worht the money.
This was worth the upgrade. This edits 4k footage no problem
I was really looking forward to using the MacBook pro but it has been a huge let down, it has many impressive specs on paper like the 10 core GPU but the actual performance didn't meet what I expected. At the beginning the everyday tasks felt good but as the weeks passed they started to fell sluggish and the battery life which promised up to 20 something hours barely lasted half a day with some use.
Fast shipping, great product by apple, everything good, nothing faulty. Thanks! I think 18GB memory with M3 Pro chip will serve me 3-4 years at least.
I purchased M3 Max, 14 inch macbook pro. Size is right for me. I have not seen significant heat dissipation from this laptop so far. Wanted to see how it performs in long run.
This Mac is amazing
It's a powerful laptop and is able to take on entertainment and development tasks.
I upgraded from a MacBook pro 2012 to this new Apple 2023 MacBook Pro Laptop M3 Pro chip and OMG, best decision ever lol
I'm so happy with my MacBook Pro Max M3 36G RAM 1T Storage. It's just massive and swift as the wind. The M3 chip has taken Mac computers to another level. Level: God
I'm not sure what to think of Mac's anymore. Just purchased a MacPro14". All was well, but immediately lost the numbers function on the Mac. Now am locked out of my new MacPro as it doesn't recognize my password due to no recognition of numbers... Absolutely frustrating to say the least!!!
Solid laptop.
new macbook is really beautiful, but apple really need to focus on their quality control....
The battery discharges very quickly, but it is new.
No surprises here, I knew what I was getting and it delivers
Using this for music production and it was worth every penny!
Good laptop
